well we are the depth of the pri si
I copy sailing with electric motors
and as we see we have both engines in
march in propulsion to the sea
as we all know
we have three ideals in the part
lower for the management of the submarine
depth management information of the
depth in which we are
management of direction and decision towards where
what direction do we want to take
management of the proportion or speed of
submarine
in the new portal to 24 flotilla a
terror 3.01 we have two little ones when
the new milestones here one port and another
under starboard
of the propulsion control dial
in with which we can manage
motors both electric and
so let's order for the machines
and as we see both machines are
stops
let's select only those from port
note that it is not solved another no
We are going to tell you not to put it on
March
as you see the port machine has been
started up
and we give him
they separate
the same thing we can do with the part
starboard
from the propulsion
we can not pay
we can also have
different speeds according to what we want
so we can tell the machine
starboard that go
at 4 knots
and to the port machine that goes to 6
knots
how do you see root speed difference
good morning and adequate to do this
but
in this way we can go managing
this will stop only the machine that
we have selected
of love while that of scribes
is still running because we have not given it
the network to stop
we stop everything
both on the surface and submerged
management of the engines is equal I repeat
both in ocher color would work both
engines at the same time
and we stopped the two engines alavesas
selecting the port-starboard steam
we can say that separates us
keep going or stop or not like that
example we can tell you that both go
to 2 and we can dedicate a moment
determined that one of them stop
we select
and páramos and one of the machines has been
stopped
another of the new management that brings the
mod of the 24 flotilla
is the global way of managing
navigation charts
we open in him
but of letters
we deploy
and as we see think of a series of his
menus
flag identification letter
letter to know the revolutions I have
what
in this case merchant letter type day
revolutions per minute this
line up here
and looking at the type of merchant and their
revolutions we know at the speed that
is going to do for example a limit to
position
so at 50 revolutions they will go to
personally at 5 knots to 76
revolutions we hear the
hydrophone will go to 11 knots
the same letter but for ships of
war
type of warships
revolutions speeds
a d of 56 revolutions per minute 5
knots
at 118 revolutions per minute it will go to 21
Route letter of the usual convoys
where we are we will have more possibility
to find a convoy
the same letter but in sepia
letter of technological developments
during the war
development of the submarines of the
Torpedo candles art weapons
radar hydrophone
silence and so on
letters of zeros and home
for manual calculations
recognition letters by the
silhouette of a ship escorts where they
indicates
in the center the length of the ship the
height of your mast
its set its weight and according to the city
maximum
different letters of different types of
good of war or merchants
and merchants
merchants
something that is quite always be the
Same length mast height
keel depth tonnage and
maxillary and maximum speed that
develops
help letters for example letters for
recognize the angle as we see it by
our newspaper this angle a 20
angle
85 from the same vessel
letters of the state of the sea
according to the speed the wind
letter sea state as as
let's see
have a bed amara in storm